+++
title = "2018-07-25"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-07-25
tags = []
+++

## Attendance
 - Isai    (President)
 - Helen   (Vice President)
 - Thomas  (Treasurer)
 - Louis   (Sys Admin)
 - Cassie  (Membership)

## Items
 - ACM Distinguised speakers
    - We can contact "distinguised speakers"
    - Invite speakers using SSF money from tech conferences
 - ACM Student activities
    - There is a list in the discord, officers should look over
 - Name Change
    - University of Minnesota ACM Student Chapter
    - This needs to be updated in a bonch of places
 - Study Events
    - ACM W did it so should we
    - Resume Event???
 - Paid member role
    - Discord available to all
 - Budget meeting
    - Thomas to email them 
 - Keybase
    - Secure communications
    - verifyable, can create signatures
    - there is an organization called oficerish
    - fileshare is an issue
        - keep sensitive stuff info in keybase, other stuff in drive
 - Minnehack Privacy Policy
    - Write a Minnehack Privacy Policy!!! Very important
    - Have people sign in at the beginning
    - Talk to Student Legal Services
 - Contact MLH
    - see TODO
 - Certs for Websites
    - Minnehack.com redirects to Minnehack.io
        - Both work righ now
    - Wildcard certs
    - DNS Certs through ACM UMN subdomain
 - Meeting about fundraising
    - Meeting with Fundraising head
 - Minnehack domain
    - Ownership expires jan we can purchase
    
## Todo
Everyone: 

    - Get Keybase account, send to Louis
    - BIG ACM SWAG talk about this
    
Helen:

    - Write privacy policy by 15th of AUG
    - Update ACM National Page

Thomas: 

    - Figure out budget stuff
    - Ask boss about certs
    - SSF records NEEDS TO BE DONE!!!
    
Jack: 

    - Contact MLH to get sanctioned by them